Welcome back.
Let's continue building our robo friends app.
Now, up to this point, if you look at our index suggests, well, that was a lot of copy and pasting
that we did if we had a lot of robot friends.
Imagine having won hundreds of these that we have to constantly copy and paste.
That's not very efficient, is it?
Also, if you remember our diagram over here of one way dataflow, we always had a parent such as an
app component that had children that have their own children and so on and so forth.
So using that knowledge, we can have one big app component that have different children so that we
make each component small and reusable.
Let's go back to our example.
Now that we have Robot Digest, we ideally can list all these 10 users.
The way we do that, let's have a card list component so that if we import.
A cardless component, which is a parent of card then.
We can just render that instead of all these cards, so I'll say card list.
And again, we'll have to create it, so we'll say Noufal.
Card list, James.
Again, changing it to our bable syntax, we'll do import react from react.
And I'll make this a little bit bigger.
And again, we'll just say const.
Card list equals they won't accept anything for now.
But I will return.
Well, what should have return?
It should return.
The cards, right?
We can just copy and paste this.
Put this in here, let's fix the indentation here a bit.
Now, Card will be the one that returns these cards.
And index dot ASML, we'll just render.
If I save this, well, I'll guess that card isn't being used so we can remove it and robots aren't
being used, but we can use the robots now to pass that.
As robots equals.
The robot's array.
Card list is accepting a robot's propp.
If I say this, everything's working, but I'm getting this air because, well, as you can see, we
didn't export.
If we go back to the car list, export default.
And hopefully by now, you're starting to get the hang of it.
There's a lot of repetition here, but each time, as long as you learn the syntax, we're creating
these components nicely and we get a ton of errors because we don't have any access to robots and IDs
and well, card, for that matter either.
So let's import card from.
Again, same directory card cardiologist's.
Robots in defined, we know that card list receives robots now, so I have access to it and props,
or I can structure it and say that we have access to it.
If I save this.
Look at that, I have everything back the way it was.
But it's not all of them, is it, we're only grabbing the zero one, two, only three of them, and
as we saw in the robot stages, I have 10.
Hmmm, how can we do this better, let's make this a little bit smaller so you can see.
It looks like we want to do some sort of a loop, right?
We want to loop over the robots and create a card component for each one.
How can we do that here and react?
Let's start off by adding another variable here, we'll call it CONSED card.
Component and within the car component, we want to say that robots, we want to.
Well, what do we want to do when we do a loop?
As I've said before, we want to map.
Right, we could do for each as well, but I always recommend doing that and within this map, each
robot.
Gets this so we get a user every time we map through it, so we can say user.
Should return again because a map needs to return.
It returns this right, we want to return a card component.
I can copy and paste this right here.
And within the return, I can just say now, instead of robots index zero, do we have the index?
Well, yeah, because you remember the second parameter that we get in a map is the index.
So I can say user.
And I fear index and now within robots, I'll say I.
For index each time, the first time around, this will be zero, then one, then two, all the way
to nine to include our ten robots.
Let's see if this actually works, if I add card component here.
You remember that we have to wrap it in curly brackets because it's JavaScript, so it knows to evaluate.
If I save this.
Looks like it's compiling successfully, I go back and holy moly, we got ourselves a Qaderi.
How cool is that?
That was incredibly fast to do.
We just used our common sense and JavaScript knowledge just use map to return multiple components.
I hope you realize how powerful that is.
And that is why React is so popular right now.
We're able to use JavaScript to return these HTML elements and do things really, really fast.
If I open up the console here, I'll see that I get a warning each child in an array or iterator should
have a unique Kiprop and there's a link to it if you want to read up on it.
This is a special case that you just have to remember.
When working with react, the way the virtual dome works is it keeps track of what all these cards are,
but without having something called a Kiprop.
If some of these cars get deleted, react won't know.
Which ones which and we'll have to change the entire Dom versus if you had a key prop and says, oh,
this one gets removed, I can just remove this from the DOM.
Remember, we want to minimize the amount of work that we do to the dump.
So when you do a loop, it's just something you have to remember.
You have to give it a unique key.
In our case, we can just say hi.
Which is index.
If we save this.
We have to wrap it in.
Curly brackets, again, because it's JavaScript.
And there you go.
Now, we don't have the air anymore.
And let's just.
Make this on a new line just so it looks prettier.
And because we're returning it on multiple lines, we want to wrap this in a bracket, right.
All right.
And that's better.
So this is working nicely as we want it.
I want to show you one thing, because this is JavaScript.
Anything we put in these curly brackets is JavaScript, including comments.
Well, we can just copy and paste this entire thing, remove the constant and just add it within the
brackets.
It should still work like it does.
And this is another power of react, react makes you a really, really good JavaScript programmer,
because other than this syntax, everything else is just JavaScript.
So we're able to create a Kahless component that lists cards and all we need to do is pass it a prop
of robots.
And we just made this a ton cleaner, very cool.
All right, that's it for this video.
More things will happen in the next one, Seongnam one.
Bye bye.